No disrespectful behavior. This includes threats, harassment, stalking, abuse, slurs, profanity, personal attacks, sexual remarks or innuendos, physical violence, public speculation about others, and any other behavior that GitHub deems inconsistent with the Stars Program.
No impersonations of a GitHub employee, agent, manager, host, or another user.
No illegal or offensive activities. Stars will not publish, post, distribute, or disseminate defamatory, infringing, obscene, or other unlawful material or discussion. This includes, but is not limited to, child pornography, bestiality, incest, illegal drugs, software piracy, terrorism, discriminatory/racist statements or images and harassment.
Accountability. Stars are fully responsible and liable for anything they say (whether orally or in writing) or do. This includes any actions taken based on advice or information received in online forums or elsewhere, how a Star conducts themselves as a community leader, and interactions with other Stars and the general public.
No libel or slander against GitHub or other persons or entities. Libel includes false statements made in written form, such as statements posted to forums or other publicly accessible websites, electronic mail, or any other printed form.
No confidentiality violations. Stars may get access to certain non-public information during their participation in the Program and are expected to honor their confidentiality obligations with respect to such information.
No plagiarism. Stars may only post their own original work or work that they have written permission to post. If a Star cites another author’s work, Stars are expected to provide any necessary attribution according to the requirements associated with the original author’s work. Learn more about copyright at https://help.github.com/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy
No discrimination or harassment. GitHub is committed to providing a harassment-free experience to Program participants regardless of age, ancestry, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical size, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or technology choices. Harassment is unwelcome verbal, physical or virtual behavior based on the characteristics identified above.
No sexual harassment. Sexual harassment is unwelcome verbal, physical or virtual behavior based on sex and includes gender-based harassment of a person of the same or different gender. Examples of sexual harassment include, but are not limited to:
Unwelcome sexual advances
Sexual comments or inappropriate gender-based jokes
Excessive, unwelcome romantic attention
Offering or conditioning an employment benefit or preferential treatment, like a promotion or job assignment, in exchange for sexual favors
Unwelcome physical contact
Sharing or displaying sexually explicit content
Using sexually degrading words
